====== General table of content ======
* [[General TODO]]
* [[Config TODO]]

== Daily TODO ==

vendredi 23 mars 2012, 08:09:23 (UTC+0100)
* [o] Dossier candidature MCF UM3
  * [X] Relire projet enseignement
  * [X] Envoyer à Sandra
  * [ ] Ecrire projet de recherche
  * [ ] Envoyer à Pascal
* [X] Corrections Fouille de texte
* [ ] Papier AKDM
* [X] Rappeler Bruno et Bertrand (lettre de recommandations)

mercredi 21 mars 2012, 08:35:04 (UTC+0100)
* [X] Final version of AKDM paper
* [X] mail Maguelonne
* [X] mail Mathieu
* [X] mail Marc
* [X] mail Enseignements UCBN
  * [X] envoyer CV
* [X] List of experiments on Jak2
  * [X] Ronan
    * [X] One and Two-levels deep refinement strategy
    * [X] Distance upper limit --> TO IMPLEMENT
    * [X] Finer discretization on distances
    * [X] With/without a strategy for reducing IC50 value in Yes branches --> TO IMPLEMENT
  * [X] Paper
    * [X] IC50 value, log(IC50), rank
    * [X] Prediction accuracy (with training and test datasets)
    * [X] Different discretization methods:
      * [X] Distances
        * [X] based on a geometric series interval bounds (current)
        * [X] based on equal-frequency intervals
        * [X] based on equal-length intervals
      * [X] Coordinates
        * [X] different values on boxes size
        * [X] space-segmentation methods
    * [X] Pre/Post-pruning parameters in the decision tree?
* [X] Jak2 code
  * [X] distance upper limit
  * [X] decreasing IC50 value
* [X] Summary document on Jak2 project for Bruno
* [X] Dossier MCF : Enseignement
* [X] Corrections AKDM Sandra

dimanche 18 mars 2012, 09:55:10 (UTC+0100)
* [X] Mail KUL (admin)
* [X] Dossier UM3
  * [X] CV
  * [X] Préparer mail
  * [X] Envoyer mail
* [X] Code
  * [X] supprimer vertexList

lundi 12 mars 2012, 08:45:50 (UTC+0100)
* [X] Mails:
  * [X] Accommodation Leuven
  * [X] Bertrand : plan présentation
  * [X] Thomas : 1 level-deep
  * [X] Sandra : recommandation letter
  * [X] Admin : GREYC web site

dimanche 11 mars 2012, 15:14:17 (UTC+0100)
* [X] mail Sandra
  * [X] corrections lettre + remarque
  * [X] n° de poste
* [X] Cours 3 Fouille de texte

mercredi 7 mars 2012, 17:21:53 (UTC+0100)
* [X] Presentation preparation for IATE on 2012-03-09
  * [X] S6: better link between association rules and FCA?
  * [X] S6: "the attributes are directly viewed as itemsets" --> "the attributes are directly viewed as items"
  * [X] S7: not "translating the FCA problem into a frequent itemset mining problem"?
  * [X] S7: automatic ontology elicitation?
  * [X] S30: put an image from the last presentation?
  * [X] S32: first line : ????! :)
  * [X] At the beginning, make a slide on the itemset mining problem (quite simple) in order to better see the translation into FCA
    * [X] Quick presentation of the problem --> example(s)
    * [X] Show the link with knowledge acquisition
  * [X] Implications in a concept lattice
    * [X] have a good understanding of it: e.g., what happens with dog?
    * [X] introduce the fact that association rules can also provide this type of rules, but with a less "crisp" notion of implication
  * [X] How to introduce sequential pattern mining?
  * [X] How to introduce contextual pattern mining?
    * [X] think about the exploitation of contextual pattern mining in itemsets : what can it give that classical pattern mining can't? Domain knowledge can be exploited in order to build the context hiearchy
  * [X] When showing items in sequences that are related to originally numerical attributes, speak about fuzzy logic and pattern mining techniques?
  * [X] Show one context hierarchy in the slides?
  * [X] Globally highlight the fact that extracting patterns is usually very good when dealing with experts : they are interpretable (like the original idea of fuzzy logic?.. :) )
  * [X] Find a concrete example of the fact that contextual information can be seen at a different level than attributes-values
  * [X] when dealing with sequential patterns, mention that it is about dealing with structured data (sequences, graphs, etc.), which is a more complex domain than itemsets, but that can model numerous real-world domains (e.g., time-related domains, bioinformatics, texts, chemistry, etc.). Mention the fact that I already have worked on numbers of them.
  * [X] Two directions: from pattern mining to knowledge and "from knowledge (ontologies, taxonomies) to patterns to applications"
    * [X] Direction 1
      * [X] fastly provide an ontology based on concepts taht can be observed within the data (then validation)
    * [X] Direction 2
      * [X] being able to extract patterns at a given level of a taxonomy or directly exploiting the different levels of a taxonomy (without a specified one)
      * [X] use the obtained knowledge to build the contexts that will be used in order to obtain precise results

mardi 6 mars 2012, 15:16:38 (UTC+0100)
* [X] Presentation in chemoinformatic group
* [X] Document for GREYC administration (mission document)
* [ ] Thomas
  * [ ] code running?
  * [ ] meeting with Ronan? Coming to Caen?
* [o] Leuven
  * [ ] registration on web site
  * [X] username and password
  * [X] documents
    * [X] CV
    * [X] passport
    * [X] diploma
* [X] Mail Hugo
* [ ] Teaching
  * [ ] Lectures
    * [ ] 
  * [ ] Practical work
* [X] GREYC web site

lundi 5 mars 2012, 15:52:40 (UTC+0100)

  * [X] Arbre de décision
    * [X] Exemple + explications
    * [X] Avantage : problème de seuil
  * [X] Exemple motif --> animation
    * [X] créer images pour BD
    * [X] créer images pour motif
  * [ ] Mettre en forme
  * [X] Remplacer la section "résultats expérimentaux" par autre chose ?
  * [X] To add
    * [X] logos on slide 1
    * [X] slide numbers
    * [X] unité pour l'IC50 (nM)

vendredi 2 mars 2012, 09:34:59 (UTC+0100)
* [X] mail réponse Bertrand
* [X] mail Thomas
* [X] any idea for pattern matcher time?
* [X] advances on presentation

jeudi 1 mars 2012, 15:36:06 (UTC+0100)

* [X] réunion Ronan CERMN
* [X] mail Bertrand
* [X] Code
  * [X] problem with distances
  * [X] check and insert rules for hybridization
  * [X] logarithmic IC50 value
* [ ] Having jak2 and mips code running on laptop

mercredi 29 février 2012, 14:52:19 (UTC+0100)

* [X] Code
* [X] Questions Ronan
* [X] Mail Thomas
* [X] Mail Bruno (déplacement Paris)


vendredi 24 février 2012, 08:43:10 (UTC+0100)
* [X] cours
	- [X] imprimer documents utiles
	- [X] mail Gaël Dias, Frédérick
	- [X] plan 1er cours + demander énoncer TP Nicolas


= GDR I3 presentation: outline =
* I. Contexte chémogénomique
	- Affinité protéique
	- Voies de dégradation
	- Application : inhiber JAK, découvrir des ligands
	- Montrer une image qui montre l'affinité d'une protéine et d'un ligand (conformation)
* II. Information recherchée (Motifs recherchés)
	- Type de motifs
	- Arbre de décision avec motifs
	- Aspect multi-instances (différentes conformations --> 1 slide : un ligand satisfait un motif si une des conformations satisfait le motif)
* III. Méthode d'extraction
	- Ne pas focaliser dessus pour le 6 mars
* IV. Résultats expérimentaux
	- Temps en fonction de certains paramètres
	- Avec ou sans utilisation de la stratégie de refinement sur le nouveau sommet généré
	- Nombre de motifs générés
* V. Conclusion et perspectives
	- Outil de visualisation des motifs dans les conformations pour les experts, outil de paramétrage
	
mardi 28 février 2012, 10:36:49 (UTC+0100)
* [X] Finir Cours + TP
  * [X] cours
    * [X] logos
    * [X] corrections
    * [X] other exercices?
    * [X] avantages des motifs : interprétabilité, tiennent pleinement compte de l'aspect séquentiel des données textuelles, peuvent être considérés comme de nouveaux descripteurs d'un texte (classification, ...)
    * [X] notation
  * [X] TP
    * [X] pas à pas :
      * [X] compiler le code
      * [X] extraire sans filtrage et lemmatisation
      * [X] extraire sans filtrage et avec les étiquettes grammaticales
      * [X] traduire les motifs
      * [X] extraire avec filtrage grammatical
      * [X] extraire avec lemmatisation
* [O] JAK2 Data
  * [X] create list of distances (Java)
  * [X] create list of coordinates (on x, y , z) (Java)
  * [X] create histograms (Weka, R, Gnuplot, ?)
  * [.] write short document
    * [ ] different parameters for the discretization
    * [X] histograms and data
      * [X] minimum and maximum values, mean value, etc.
      * [X] density histograms
    * [ ] how to select the right parameters?
* [X] email to Ronan --> ok for thursday
  * [X] first patterns (decision tree)
  * [X] book + usb key
  * [X] data to tag
  * [X] H-bond donor / acceptor?
