== JDR ==
* Add personal/global statistics
  * Charts
    * frequency of dreams in time
    * tags frequency in time
    * a calendar where the dream titles appear (search railcasts on calendars)
* Tags
  * Given the written text, propose some tags automatically (based on rules)
  * Same thing to propose some categories
* Favourite dreams or users
* Provide interesting knowledge
  * Is there a tag (or a word?) that has been significantly less/more frequent in the last N weeks?
* Dreams similar to the one that has been written/read?
* Make links between similar tags used by different users

= MODELS =
* dream
  * attributes
    * title
    * date
    * text
    * public_comment
    * private_comment
    * lucidity level (automatically propose based on the text)
    * visible
    * anonymous
    * images
    * tags
* user
  * login
  * mail
  * password
  * gender
  * birth date
  * about
* tag
  * name
  * (owner)
  * category (optional) --> characters, mood, place, time
  * images
* comment
* image
  * id
  * owner
  * title
  * description
  * visible

= RELATIONS =
* dream_tags
* user_dreams
* dream_comments
* dream_images
* tag_images

= Interactive Stories =
* IDEAS
* the main author of a story can define some limitations
  * how many possible sequels to a paragraph?
  * the story can be modified/etc. by other users or not
  * images can be added to paragraphs
  * readers should be able to mention that a story should be rated as adult
  * can the user go back or not? or how many times the reader can go back?
  * a writer can propose some challenges to the readers : finish it in less than X clicks, etc.
  * for a (completed) story, store some statistics : number of times it was finished, etc.
  * the note given by people can be modified (because the story can be modified)

* MODELS
* story
  * title
  * summary
  * authorization (others can read, modify, add, ...)
* chapter
* paragraph
* category
* user

* QUESTIONS
  * How to introduce cycles in the tree? (by having a paragraph that is linked with one of its ancestors, or with any other node in the paragraph)

Websites
* text prediction web service?
* Interactive Stories
* Manga-Comics-DVD-Book management site
  * allows to manage a collection, a wish-list, a loan-list, a recommandation-service
  * contains a recommander system (based on association-rules, etc.)
  * can connect to someone's collection (because it is very close to mine, for instance)
  * find people having similar collections
  * print statistics about my collection
  * can invite people on the site
  * mail system between users
* My Collection
  * a site to manage any kind of collection and talk with people
  * category system for the collections
  * for each object, the user can post 1..n pictures, a description, etc.
  * can connect to people's collection
  * system to comment other people's objects/collection
  * integrate a mail system, and a system to allow exchanging/selling objects
  * if the user wants to put information about price, etc. he has to pay
* Games based on resources...
